6lm10e is one of most popular xl+u templates.<br>Most of its connections has random roads which means there is posibillity that certain connection is offroad or has roads. Therefore connections on this templates are a bit diffrent on each generation.<br>Usually game plan look like this: in early game we search for army banks, get levels for hero who will do our first army bank (usually a warrior), search for good control heroes and build mage guild and do spell research to gain Town Portal and Dimension Doors. In middle game we claim treasure zones, do more banks, gain levels for control heroes, continue spell research (if we don't have Town Portal and Dimension Doors yet) and we are trying to be strong enough to fight in Dragon Utopia; we also try to seize conflict zones which can be easily accesed by both sides. In end game we attack oponent with control heroes and seize their towns, try to land an attack on oponent main town, main army and main hero, do more banks and utopias and defend our towns, control heroes and main army.<br/>Zone types:
    - Gold zones - so-called super tresure zones. They are most valueable, but hardest to access, because they don't have town and they have offroad connections. There is no Dragon Utopia limit in those zones and they have increased frequency, which means they are more likely ti generate. Those zones are usually targets for late midgame/endgame.
    - Silver zones - so-called treasure zones. Second most valueable and easier to access. They also have increased Dragon Utopia frequency, but its limit in those zones is 2 per zone. They are target for late early/midgame and in some cases like easy guard, short connection or lack of towns with 5 tiers guild in other zones also target for early game.
    - White zones - so-called pass-by zones. Least valueable, most of them are second easiest to access. They don't have towns and have 1 Dragon Utopia per zone limit. They have 1 mine for each kind of magic resource and because of low value they also have quite high chance for generating random resource and resource banks, so they are good source of every kind of resource for early game. They can't generate on sand, swamp and snow. They are targets for whole games, in early its for resource in later phases its for expansion to other zones and map control.
    - AI and players' starting zones - ex aqueo least valueable, but easiest to access. They have one town with fort and also have 1 Dragon Utopia per zone limit. They are similiar to pass-by zones, but don't have magic resource mines, instead they have 1 wood mine and 1 ore mine. They are also a bit smaller. They are easier to loot than passby zones, because they have town. They are target for whole game, very similar to pass by zones.